Milestones for Challenge 7 - Owen Queen

Rubric: Out of 40 points

	+10 - Researching software development tools in Python
	+10 - Figuring out how to represent 3D data (cube)
	+10 - Begin developing check_cube function
	+10 - Reviewing Python

Hours log:
	2 hours, 0 minutes:
		- Group Meeting
		Fri, Mar. 6: 4:30pm  - 6:30pm

	1 hour,  0 minutes:
		- Individual research on storing 3D data
		- Reviewed Python
	    Sun, Mar. 8: 10:30pm - 11:30pm
		(pushed a file template_class.py to repo the next morning)

	3 hours, 0 minutes:
		- Group lab work during our lab session.
		- I stayed two hours to work with Jared and then an additional hour to work with John
		because they are both in different lab sections.
		- Decided on methods to store 3D data, discussed implementation of data structures
		Mon, Mar. 9: 9:00am - 12:00pm

	2 hours, 0 minutes:
		- Individual work on check_cube function
		- Researched and sent out links to group members of webpages discussing importing files
		in Python as well as Rubik's cube standard conventions that we will use in the project.
		- Pushed to github repo
		Sat, Mar 14: 8:00am - 10:00am


Compilable task for me is included in cube.py file. Since we have not written the backend of the
data storage and that is not my current job in the project, you cannot visibly see how it works,
but the file "compiles" using the python3 command.

Report:

This challenge was very productive as far as development of our project goes. We were able to meet
a few times in lab, right after lectures, and once outside of either of these to discuss strategies
for storage of our data and implementation of our Rubik's Cube representation in Python. Since 
these were some of the greatest milestones we had to overcome in our start of the project, most of
my work did not come in actual code but rather in discussion and research of these topics. We got
a good start on the representation of the cube (evidenced in template_class.py and cube.py), and
the project should take off from here as we now all have a clear idea of our role in the project.
